## Samples for several additional scenarios across identity providers, REST API, and user journey scenarios

* [Account linkage](source/aadb2c-ief-account-linkage) - With Azure AD B2C a user can have multiple identities. Sign-in with local account, and link a social account to an existing local account. So, both share the same account in Azure AD B2C. This Azure AD B2C sample demonstrates how to link existing local account to a social account. 

* [Local account change sign-in name email address](source/aadb2c-ief-change-sign-in-name) - When sign-in with local account, a user may want to change the sign-in name (email address). This sample policy demonstrates how to allow user to provide and validate new email address, and store the new email address to Azure Active Directory user account. After user change the email address, on the next login, user needs to provide the new email address as sign-in name.

* [Social identity provider force email verification](source/aadb2c-ief-social-idp-force-email) - When sign-in with social account, in some scenarios,  the identity provider doesn't share the email address. This sample demonstrates how to force the user to provide and validate email address. 
* [Role-Based Access Control (RBAC)](source/aadb2c-ief-rbac) - Enables fine-grained access management for your relying party applications. Using RBAC, you can grant only the amount of access that users need to perform their jobs in your application. This sample policy (along with the REST API service) demonstrates how to read user's groups, add the groups to JTW token and also prevent users from sign-in if they aren't members of one of predefined security groups.